Add user attribute documentation (#2439)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/android/user_attributes/30_confirm_attribute.md

<amplify-block-switcher>
<amplify-block name="Java">

```java

> Amplify.Auth.confirmUserAttribute(
>     AuthUserAttributeKey.email(),
>     "344299",
>     () -> Log.i("User attribute is confirmed", "Code is correct"),
>     error -> Log.e("User attribute is not confirmed", error.toString())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify.Auth.confirmUserAttribute(AuthUserAttributeKey.email(), "344299",
    () -> Log.i("AuthDemo", "Confirmed user attribute with correct code."),
    error -> Log.e("AuthDemo", "Failed to confirm user attribute. Bad code?", error)
```

);
```

</amplify-block>
<amplify-block name="Kotlin">

```kotlin

> Amplify.Auth.confirmUserAttribute(
>     AuthUserAttributeKey.email(),
>     "344299",
>     { Log.i("User attribute is confirmed", "Code is correct") },
>     { error-> Log.e("User attribute is not confirmed", error.toString()) }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify.Auth.confirmUserAttribute(AuthUserAttributeKey.email(), "344299",
    { Log.i("AuthDemo", "Confirmed user attribute with correct code.") },
    { Log.e("AuthDemo", "Failed to confirm user attribute. Bade code?", $it) }
```

)
```

</amplify-block>
<amplify-block name="RxJava">

```java
RxAmplify.Auth.confirmUserAttribute(AuthUserAttributeKey.email(), "344299")
    .subscribe(

>         () -> Log.i("User attribute is confirmed", "Code is correct"),
>         error -> Log.e("User attribute is not confirmed", error.toString())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        () -> Log.i("AuthDemo", "Confirmed user attribute using correct code."),
        error -> Log.e("AuthDemo", "Failed to confirm user attribute. Bad code?", error)
```
